---
title: Rasberry Pi & Node.js
author: Jonathan Dahan
layout: classes
group: fall13
github:
cover-image:
website:
notes-link:
---
Intro to Rasberry Pi. Learn what it is, what itâ€™s good for. How to install Openframworks and develope through it. Install Node.js and start developing projects on the Pi.


---
title: IR Camera with PS3 EYE
author: Zach Lieberman
layout: classes
group: fall13
github:
cover-image:
website: http://example.com
notes-link:
---
Learn to use PS3 camera through open frame works. Learn to use it as an infrared sensor and manipulate the data.

---
title: ofxAudioUnit
author: Jason Levine
layout: classes
group: fall13
github:
cover-image:
website: http://example.com
notes-link:
---
All about the ofxAudioUnit, how to work with it. Basic functionality. Learn to manipulate the sound coming in and out. Basics of Audio.


---
title: Git/Github
author: Motoi Shimizu
layout: classes
group: fall13
github:
cover-image:
website: http://example.com
notes-link:
---
What is Git/Github. How to you them in your projects. Why is it important. Learn workflows with Git/Github. Working with terminal/gui.



---
title: Wi-fi Everything
author: Dan Phiffer
layout: classes
group: fall13
github:
cover-image:
website: http://example.com
notes-link:
---
Wi-fi vs. Bluetooth dimistified. Understanding networking. Learn about protocols, and creating [ersonal hotspots.



---
title: OpenFrameworks Basics
author: Zach Lieberman
layout: classes
group: fall13
github:
cover-image:
website: http://example.com
notes-link:
---
Intro to OpenFramworks. How to use the libraries. How to debug in xcode. How to look at example code, and use libraries.



---
title: Interaction of Color
author: Mini Kim & Claire Lin
layout: classes
group: fall13
github:
cover-image:
website: http://example.com
notes-link:
---
How to use color. Workshop on how colors work together. What do colors mean and how do they make you feel.



---
title: Python 101
author: Andy Clymer
layout: classes
group: fall13
github:
cover-image:
website: http://example.com
notes-link:
---
Learn basic of python programming: installing, syntax, environment, running code. Learn to use drawbot.



---
title: Intro to Node.js
author: Jonathan Dahan & John Wohl
layout: classes
group: fall13
github:
cover-image:
website: http://example.com
notes-link:
---
What is Node.js. What is it good for. Installing and running Node.js. Making a Hello world. Where to find more resources.